1.
L1D L1I : LRU


perf:
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         5781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             5781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            5781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           528                       # number of overall misses


system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             3418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            3418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           868                       # number of overall misses



2.
L1D L1I : LRU
L1D L1I HWP: Stride

perf:
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         5692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             5692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            5692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          529                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           529                       # number of overall misses


system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             3535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            3535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          745                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           745                       # number of overall misses



3.
L1D L1I : LRU
L1D L1I HWP: IndirectMemory

perf:


system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         5718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             5718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            5718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           528                       # number of overall misses


system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             3484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            3484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          800                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           800                       # number of overall misses



4.
L1D L1I : LRU
L1D L1I HWP: SignaturePath

perf:
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         6067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             6067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6067                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            6067                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          359                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           359                       # number of overall misses


system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             3556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            3556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          734                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           734                       # number of overall misses


5.
L1D L1I : LRU
L1D L1I HWP: Tagged

perf:
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         5999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             5999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            5999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          354                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           354                       # number of overall misses


system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             3596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            3596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          664                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           664                       # number of overall misses


6.
L1D L1I : LRU
L1I HWP: Stride
L1D HWP: none

perf:
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         5781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             5781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            5781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           528                       # number of overall misses


system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             3418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            3418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           868                       # number of overall misses


7.
L1D L1I : LRU
L1I HWP: Stride
L1D HWP: IndirectMemory

perf:
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         5718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             5718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            5718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           528                       # number of overall misses


system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             3484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            3484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          800                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           800                       # number of overall misses

8.
L1D L1I : LRU
L1I HWP: Stride
L1D HWP: SignaturePath

perf:

system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         5635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             5635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5635                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            5635                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          525                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           525                       # number of overall misses


system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             3527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            3527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           735                       # number of overall misses


9.
L1D L1I : LRU
L1I HWP: Stride
L1D HWP: Tagged

perf:
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         5528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             5528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            5528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           522                       # number of overall misses


system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             3575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3575                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            3575                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          661                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           661                       # number of overall misses



10.
L1D L1I : LRU
L1I HWP: IndirectMemory
L1D HWP: Stride

perf:

system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         5692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             5692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            5692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          529                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           529                       # number of overall misses


system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             3535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            3535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          745                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           745                       # number of overall misses


11.
L1D L1I : LRU
L1I HWP: SignaturePath
L1D HWP: Stride

perf:

system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         6129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             6129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            6129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           355                       # number of overall misses


system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             3552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            3552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           746                       # number of overall misses


12.
L1D L1I : LRU
L1I HWP: Tagged
L1D HWP: Stride

Perf:
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         6348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             6348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            6348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          335                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           335                       # number of overall misses


system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             3575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3575                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            3575                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          768                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           768                       # number of overall misses



双tagged性能最好